You also know that you call me dad
In the first place, you were for a stinky dick
Cut off women's relations with me
It's okay now, something happened, do you remember me?
I'm in trouble now.
Please help me.
Back then, this brat had no car, no house, and no words, right?
Cleaner than your face
Thank you for saying that they brought you a sense of security
Well, I'll go find you now.
Thanks, Dad.
Uncle Luo is so nice
You're finally here.
What's wrong with uncle and aunt?
This is Uncle Luo, my dad's friend
He might be able to help us. Hello
I am Xiaoyue's father
My name is Wan Jiaqi
You are Wan Jiaqi
Look at your virtue
At first glance, you are a stinky and undead
It also involves our family conditions
You are worse than your son
How do you say it?
What's the matter? Do I have a problem speaking?
You old man is a stinky screwdriver
Son is a fucking stinky stall
Look at your family, it's a poor man
That's right.
And there's a dishwasher, did you hear that?
You are useless
My girl and you are wronged again and again
You hurry up
Now take your useless son and get out of here
We don't welcome your mother here
You can't do this.
Hurry up and I'll put it here today
You cut ties with your mother and son right now
Two wastes are missing.
Ma will naturally find you a suitable man
How do you say it?
You will regret doing this in the future